over summer ella is back in school in
cartagena but this is no ordinary school
it's a Sami reindeer school where the
pupils are taught the most modern
techniques of reindeer management as
well as the old Sammy traditions in
theory imaginary part attalos don't
belong yeah here we have several courses
for students this year I think we have
about 110 120 students and five or six
courses three of them are as vocational
studies and one is the reindeer herding
the very latest technology is added to
the long Sun tradition Sami children own
their own reindeer in the family heard
and recognize them from a unique set of
marks cut into the ears and the internet
is the perfect way to keep track of a
bewildering variety of earmarks
this is Inga's earmark and this is mine
I got my ear mark when I was 27 years
old and I got mine when I was three
years old you will do wrong